feat: user impersonation guide (#2284)
ory/docs: docs/guides/user-impersonation.mdx

This guide presents a secure pattern for implementing user impersonation, using Ory Kratos, that doesn't break the security
guarantees of your system.

## How impersonation works

A secure impersonation flow doesn't create a new login session for the target user or compromise the original user's authenticated
identity. The system always knows who the originally authenticated user is.

The crucial check relies on the immutable identity provided by Ory, such as the `identity.id` from the
[/whoami](https://www.ory.sh/docs/reference/api#tag/frontend/operation/toSession) API response from Ory Kratos or the `subject`
claim from an OAuth2 token introspection from Ory Hydra.

This approach preserves the core promises of both authentication and authorization:

- The original user remains authenticated, which is critical for audit trails.
- The system makes an explicit authorization decision before granting impersonation capabilities.
- Application logic continues to work with a clear subject, unaware of the impersonation details.

This check can be as simple as verifying group membership, for example, "is the user in the `support-agents` group?", or can

> involve complex rules based on context, such as the target user's data, group membership, or active back-channel consent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
involve complex rules based on context, such as the data, group membership, or active back-channel consent for the user being impersonated.
```

layers. This middleware intercepts incoming requests to manage the impersonation logic before the request reaches your application
code.

The middleware performs these steps:

1.  It identifies the authenticated user from a valid session. With Ory Kratos, this is the `identity.id` from the
    [/whoami](https://www.ory.sh/docs/reference/api#tag/frontend/operation/toSession) API response. With Ory Hydra it is the
    subject claim from an OAuth2 token introspection.
1.  It looks for an impersonation instruction in the request, for example a special HTTP header or a query parameter that contains
    the ID of the target user to impersonate.
1.  When it detects an impersonation request, the middleware performs an authorization check - for example with
    [Ory Keto](https://www.ory.sh/docs/reference/api#tag/permission/operation/checkPermission). For example, "Does the
    authenticated user have permission to impersonate the target user?"
1.  If the authorization check passes, the middleware sets the target user's ID as the effective subject for the downstream

>     request. It's good practice to also pass along the original user's ID in a separate header (for example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    request. It's good practice to also pass along the impersonating user's ID in a separate header (for example,
```
